Update docs: tag for session (#24)
lablup/backend.ai: docs/user-api/kernels.rst

     - The kernel runtime type, usually in the form of the language name and its version tag connected with a colon.
       (e.g., ``"python:latest"``)

   * - ``tag``
     - ``str``

>      - An optional per-session, user-provided tag to distinguish which sessions are from which users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - An optional per-session, user-provided tag for administrators to keep track of additional information of each session, such as which sessions are from which users.
```

Reviewer: I think changing explanation like this would be more comprehensive.
